#summary Details on installing the the release script for FireFox.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Here is where I tell you that not only is Mozilla Firefox capable of running the CAAP script, but I will tell you how to do it!




= Details =

Of course let's take this from the begining.

#1 Assuming that you already have Mozilla Firefox on your computer, skip this step. If you do not have Firefox on your computer already, download it for free here: http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/new/

#2 Now that you have Mozilla Firefox on your computer, let's talk about extensions. To make CAAP to be able to run on Mozilla Firefox you will first need to download a small program called Greasemonkey. You must download Greasmonkey from your Firefox browser or it will not work.

#3 This is where things will get slightly difficult. But if you're still here reading this and got this far, I can talk you through it. if you look on the bottom of the screen in the lower right hand corner you should see a little monkey head. If you do not see this, you may have your "Add-On Bar" hidden. To show your add-on bar just simply go up to your toolbar and click the "view" toolbar. A drop-down box will show up and you should see the "Toolbar" menu that when hovered over will show the "Add-On Bar" just click that to show a bar go across the bottom of the page. In that bar is where you will see the monkey head.

#4 Now that you have made it this far and you see the Greasemonkey monkey head, just make sure the monkey head is coloured in and if right clicked on a menubox will appear that at the bottom option will say "Enabled" just make sure that it is enabled or your scripts will not run.

#5 Now that you have (presumably) made it this far, you're well on your way. Now just download the Firefox script for CAAP. http://castle-age-auto-player.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/FireFox/Castle-Age-Autoplayer-FireFox.user.js

#6 Now onto CAAP. To run CAAP on IE you first have to download and save the CAAP file. In IE when you try to download the CAAP file it should open a page that looks like a Microsoft Word document. From the toolbar again, click "File" and "Save As". Save it to somewhere that is easily accessible such as "My Documents". Don't rename the CAAP file, or it may not work. http://castle-age-auto-player.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/IE/Castle-Age-Autoplayer-Beta-Loader.ieuser.js

#7 With the CAAP file saved in My Documents, open My Documents. Now also open "My Computer" as well. In My Computer open your hardrive to show you a file called "Program Files" for 32bit systems OR "Program Files (x86)" for 64bit systems. In your Program Files you should now see a folder for "IE7Pro" open that. Now open the folder "userscripts".

#8 With both "My Documents" and the IE7Pro "userscripts" documents open, simply drag the CAAP file (or copy and paste) into the IE7Pro "userscripts" folder.

#9 Now let's test it out and see if you did it right. Open IE (if already done, close out and re-open IE) Go back up to the toolbar and to "Tools" and back to "IE7Pro Preferences". Go back to "User Scripts". You should now see CAAP as being listed. You may have to check the box at the top that says "Enable User Scripts" if not already checked. YOU MUST ENABLE to have CAAP work. Now make sure that CAAP "Castle Age Autoplayer" is checked. Click "OK" and now visit the Castle Age page and enjoy.