#summary Details on installing the the release script for Safari.
#labels Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Here is where I tell you that not only is Apple Safari capable of running the CAAP script, but I will tell you how to do it!




= Note =

This will be broke down into two sections PC and MAC. Pay attention to which one you are reading because they are as different as... well, as different as PC and Mac.


= PC Details =

Of course let's take this from the begining.

#1 Assuming that you already have Apple Safari on your computer, skip this step. If you do not have Safari on your computer already, download it for free here: http://www.apple.com/safari/

#2 Now that you have Safari for Windows on your computer, let's talk about extensions. To make CAAP to be able to run on Safari you will first need to download a small program called Ninjakit. You must download Ninjakit from your Safari browser or it will not work.
Download Ninjakit here: http://ss-o.net/safari/extension/NinjaKit.safariextz

#3 This is where things will get slightly difficult. But if you're still here reading this and got this far, I can talk you through it. First go up to your menubar and click on "Edit" then "Preferances". Click on where it says "Extensions" you should now Ninjakit as being listed. If Ninjakit is not listed, you may need to close out of your browser and re-open it.

#4 Now that you have made it this far and you see Ninjakit is listed as a Safari extension, just make sure that the checkbox is checked next to "Enable Ninjakit"

#5 Now that you have (presumably) made it this far, you're well on your way. Now just download the Firefox script for CAAP. http://castle-age-auto-player.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/FireFox/Castle-Age-Autoplayer-FireFox.user.js

#6 Now let's test it out and see if you did it right. Open Firefox (if already done, close out and re-open Firefox) Go back up to the toolbar on the bottom with the monkey head. Right click on the monkey head again. You should now see CAAP listed as "Castle Age Autoplayer" and it should have a checkbox in front of it. If it does not have a checkbox, just click on it to check it. Now visit the Castle Age page and enjoy. (you can hide the lower menubar again if you would like)